README.md, before:

### THE CHALLENGE

You can download the project with "git clone https://github.com/karabuluthakan/homerun.git".

### * Referenced guides for Application Design and Development
| Action              | Guide Url                                         |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `Error Contract`      | https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/errors           |
| `Commit Messages`     | https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary          |
| `Rest Api Uri Naming` | https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/               |
| `Restful Api Guidelines` | https://opensource.zalando.com/restful-api-guidelines/ |

#### APPLICATION ARCHITECTURE

- The application has been developed according to the Domain Driven Design Architecture.

![alt text](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/media/ddd-oriented-microservice/domain-driven-design-microservice.png)

- You can access the architectural document used as a source from the link :

  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/ddd-oriented-microservice

Commit message:

docs: health endpoint added to Readme

README.md, after:

### THE CHALLENGE

You can download the project with "git clone https://github.com/karabuluthakan/homerun.git".

### * Referenced guides for Application Design and Development
| Action              | Guide Url                                         |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `Error Contract`      | https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/errors           |
| `Commit Messages`     | https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary          |
| `Rest Api Uri Naming` | https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/               |
| `Restful Api Guidelines` | https://opensource.zalando.com/restful-api-guidelines/ |

### * You can use the `/health` endpoint to check the system healthy or `/health-ui`

#### APPLICATION ARCHITECTURE

- The application has been developed according to the Domain Driven Design Architecture.

![alt text](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/media/ddd-oriented-microservice/domain-driven-design-microservice.png)

- You can access the architectural document used as a source from the link :

  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/ddd-oriented-microservice
